README.rst, before:

django_otp_vip
==============

This Django app adds Symantec VIP integration to django-otp.


Install
=======

Currently only available in source form.

  git clone https://gitlab.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip.git otp_vip

Dependencies can be installed with `pip -r requirements.txt` once the project
has been cloned.

Add to your projects INSTALLED_APPS and run migrations as required.

Setup
=====

otp_vip requires the following are available:

Public and Private halves of certificate to communicate with VIP
----------------------------------------------------------------

These are both extracted from a PEM file downloaded from Symantec VIP manager
(https://manager.vip.symantec.com/). To generate the certificate navigate
Account ->  Manage VIP Certificates (right hand side of screen) -> Request a
Certificate.

Once downloaded extract the two parts using openssl(1) or similar.

By default, otp_vip looks for them in:
- project_root/certs/user_services_public.crt
- project_root/certs/user_services_decrypted.key


WSDL files for VIP User Services
--------------------------------

These can be downloaded from Symantec VIP manager
(https://manager.vip.symantec.com/). Navigate Account -> Download Files (bottom
of list on right of screen) -> Web_Services_API -> VIP_UserServicesWSDL.zip .
Extract the zip and place the files in a suitable location.


By default, otp_vip looks for them in:
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-auth-1.8.wsdl
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-mgmt-1.8.wsdl
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-query-1.8.wsdl


Push authentication poll details
--------------------------------

By default otp_vip will wait 10 seconds between polls of the VIP endpoint when
checking the status of a pushed authentication request.

The default for otp_vip is to poll the VIP endpoint for push authentication 10
times before giving up on the users push.

A shorter poll time will lead to a quicker login for users but lead to an
increased likelyhood of hitting the maximum count (both can be overriden in
code).

OTP_LOGIN_URL
-------------

Ensure OTP_LOGIN_URL is set to the location of the login view provided in this
project, we suggest '/vip/login'.


Features
========

Support for API calls required to
* Add/remove users
* Add/remove credentials
* Authenticate using push and tokens

Helper views to:
* Provide basic self service to users including adding/removing credentials
* Provide optional second factor - Only use VIP as where needed
* Require second factor check via middleware.

Usage
=====
Update your url patterns to include an entry such as this (which provides the
'vip/login' suggested above).

    url('^vip/', include('otp_vip.urls')),


Contributing
============

This project is hosted on GitLab (https://gitlab.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip),
with a public mirror on GitHub (https://github.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip) for
those who prefer it.


See also
========

django-two-factor-authentication may be of interest if you are trying to use
django-otp (though currently lacks plugable modules like this one....)

python-vipaccess if you would like to avoid using Symantecs client software.
 - https://github.com/dlenski/python-vipaccess

Commit message:

Start of testing for application
All my testing related code sits in this branch. It is the culmination of
several weeks messing around with testing, all squashed in to one big, unusable
commit.

Everything that requires DB access has been commented out for the moment, I
will need to fix all tests by utilising suitable mocks, but that will have to
happen another time.

README.rst, after:

django_otp_vip
==============

This Django app adds Symantec VIP integration to django-otp.


Install
=======

Currently only available in source form.

  git clone https://gitlab.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip.git otp_vip

Dependencies can be installed with `pip -r requirements.txt` once the project
has been cloned.

Add to your projects INSTALLED_APPS and run migrations as required.

Setup
=====

otp_vip requires the following are available:

Public and Private halves of certificate to communicate with VIP
----------------------------------------------------------------

These are both extracted from a PEM file downloaded from Symantec VIP manager
(https://manager.vip.symantec.com/). To generate the certificate navigate
Account ->  Manage VIP Certificates (right hand side of screen) -> Request a
Certificate.

Once downloaded extract the two parts using openssl(1) or similar.

By default, otp_vip looks for them in:
- project_root/certs/user_services_public.crt
- project_root/certs/user_services_decrypted.key


WSDL files for VIP User Services
--------------------------------

These can be downloaded from Symantec VIP manager
(https://manager.vip.symantec.com/). Navigate Account -> Download Files (bottom
of list on right of screen) -> Web_Services_API -> VIP_UserServicesWSDL.zip .
Extract the zip and place the files in a suitable location.


By default, otp_vip looks for them in:
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-auth-1.8.wsdl
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-mgmt-1.8.wsdl
- project_root/wsdls/vipuserservices-query-1.8.wsdl


Push authentication poll details
--------------------------------

By default otp_vip will wait 10 seconds between polls of the VIP endpoint when
checking the status of a pushed authentication request.

The default for otp_vip is to poll the VIP endpoint for push authentication 10
times before giving up on the users push.

A shorter poll time will lead to a quicker login for users but lead to an
increased likelyhood of hitting the maximum count (both can be overriden in
code).

OTP_LOGIN_URL
-------------

Ensure OTP_LOGIN_URL is set to the location of the login view provided in this
project, we suggest '/vip/login'.


Features
========

Support for API calls required to
* Add/remove users
* Add/remove credentials
* Authenticate using push and tokens

Helper views to:
* Provide basic self service to users including adding/removing credentials
* Provide optional second factor - Only use VIP as where needed
* Require second factor check via middleware.

Usage
=====
Update your url patterns to include an entry such as this (which provides the
'vip/login' suggested above).

    url('^vip/', include('otp_vip.urls')),


Contributing
============

This project is hosted on GitLab (https://gitlab.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip),
with a public mirror on GitHub (https://github.com/goetzk/django-otp-vip) for
those who prefer it.


Tests
=====

While this project does have tests they are currently in a state of flux and
shouldn't be relied upon yet (Coverage from enabled tests is 50.85%).

See also
========

django-two-factor-authentication may be of interest if you are trying to use
django-otp (though currently lacks plugable modules like this one....)

python-vipaccess if you would like to avoid using Symantecs client software.
 - https://github.com/dlenski/python-vipaccess
